feat(daemon): allows daemonization options to be fetched from app settings (#8553)
celery/celery: docs/userguide/configuration.rst

    :ref:`calling-serializers`.

.. setting:: events_logfile

``events_logfile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal file path for :program:`celery events` to log into (default to `stdout`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional file path for :program:`celery events` to log into (defaults to `stdout`).
```

.. setting:: events_pidfile

``events_pidfile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal file path for :program:`celery events` to create/store it PID file (default to no PID file created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional file path for :program:`celery events` to create/store its PID file (default to no PID file created).
```

.. setting:: events_uid

``events_uid``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal user ID to use when events :program:`celery events` drops its privileges (default to no UID change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional user ID to use when events :program:`celery events` drops its privileges (defaults to no UID change).
```

.. setting:: events_gid

``events_gid``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal group ID to use when :program:`celery events` daemon drops its privileges (default to no GID change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional group ID to use when :program:`celery events` daemon drops its privileges (defaults to no GID change).
```

.. setting:: events_umask

``events_umask``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal `umask` to use when :program:`celery events` creates files (log, pid...) when daemonizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `umask` to use when :program:`celery events` creates files (log, pid...) when daemonizing.
```

.. setting:: events_executable

``events_executable``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal `python` executable path for :program:`celery events` to use when deaemonizing (default to :data:`sys.executable`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `python` executable path for :program:`celery events` to use when deaemonizing (defaults to :data:`sys.executable`).
```

Name of the ETA scheduler class used by the worker.
Default is or set by the pool implementation.

.. setting:: worker_logfile

``worker_logfile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal file path for :program:`celery worker` to log into (default to `stdout`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional file path for :program:`celery worker` to log into (defaults to `stdout`).
```

.. setting:: worker_pidfile

``worker_pidfile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal file path for :program:`celery worker` to create/store it PID file (default to no PID file created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional file path for :program:`celery worker` to create/store its PID file (defaults to no PID file created).
```

.. setting:: worker_uid

``worker_uid``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal user ID to use when :program:`celery worker` daemon drops its privileges (default to no UID change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional user ID to use when :program:`celery worker` daemon drops its privileges (defaults to no UID change).
```

.. setting:: worker_gid

``worker_gid``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal group ID to use when :program:`celery worker` daemon drops its privileges (default to no GID change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional group ID to use when :program:`celery worker` daemon drops its privileges (defaults to no GID change).
```

.. setting:: worker_umask

``worker_umask``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal `umask` to use when :program:`celery worker` creates files (log, pid...) when daemonizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `umask` to use when :program:`celery worker` creates files (log, pid...) when daemonizing.
```

.. setting:: worker_executable

``worker_executable``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal `python` executable path for :program:`celery worker` to use when deaemonizing (default to :data:`sys.executable`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `python` executable path for :program:`celery worker` to use when deaemonizing (defaults to :data:`sys.executable`).
```

When using cron, the number of seconds :mod:`~celery.bin.beat` can look back
when deciding whether a cron schedule is due. When set to `None`, cronjobs that
are past due will always run immediately.

.. setting:: beat_logfile

``beat_logfile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal file path for :program:`celery beat` to log into (default to `stdout`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional file path for :program:`celery beat` to log into (defaults to `stdout`).
```

.. setting:: beat_pidfile

``beat_pidfile``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal file path for :program:`celery beat` to create/store it PID file (default to no PID file created).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional file path for :program:`celery beat` to create/store it PID file (defaults to no PID file created).
```

.. setting:: beat_uid

``beat_uid``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal user ID to use when beat :program:`celery beat` drops its privileges (default to no UID change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional user ID to use when beat :program:`celery beat` drops its privileges (defaults to no UID change).
```

.. setting:: beat_gid

``beat_gid``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal group ID to use when :program:`celery beat` daemon drops its privileges (default to no GID change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional group ID to use when :program:`celery beat` daemon drops its privileges (defaults to no GID change).
```

.. setting:: beat_umask

``beat_umask``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal `umask` to use when :program:`celery beat` creates files (log, pid...) when daemonizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `umask` to use when :program:`celery beat` creates files (log, pid...) when daemonizing.
```

.. setting:: beat_executable

``beat_executable``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Default: :const:`None`

> An optionnal `python` executable path for :program:`celery beat` to use when deaemonizing (default to :data:`sys.executable`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional `python` executable path for :program:`celery beat` to use when deaemonizing (defaults to :data:`sys.executable`).
```
